README.md, before:

# Awesome-Serbia [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
<img align="right" height="50" alt="Serbia" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/ff/Flag_of_Serbia.svg/1200px-Flag_of_Serbia.svg.png">
> A curated list of awesome things to do and see in Serbia.

## Contents

- [Videos](#videos)
- [Articles](#articles)
- [Co-Working Spaces](#coworking)
- [Meetups](#meetups)
- [Workshops](#workshops)
- [Conferences](#conferences)

## Videos

- [Serbia - One journey, million impressions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDHpcAFSMr0) - Video by National Tourism Organisation of Serbia.
- [A day in Belgrade](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLKXSgXNl8w) - Beautiful 4K Motion Time-lapse.
- [Belgrade in 4K](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWsoNv24Syo) - Walk the streets of Belgrade in this awesome video.
- [Serbian Food](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqO4MESw_Og) - This Mouth-watering video will show you some of the awesome food you can try in Serbia.
- [10 Cool Places to visit in Serbia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uH8AbaIHsVg) - Showing nice cities and natural beauties.
- [The City of Nis from Air](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ds7-Uleu4o) - Nis - a nice city in the south-eastern Serbia.

## Articles

- [Serbia Tourism Webiste](http://www.serbia.com/) - Amazing resources to plan your stay in Serbia.

## Co-Working Spaces

- [Belgrade - Polygon](http://polygon.rs/)
- [Belgrade - Smart Office](http://smartoffice.rs/en/)
- [Belgrade - Nova Iskra](http://novaiskra.com/en)
- [Belgrade - StartIT](http://startit.rs/centar/zajednicki-rad/)
- [Belgrade - Potkrovlje Hub](https://www.facebook.com/PotkrovljeHUB.rs)
- [Belgrade - Impact Hub](http://belgrade.impacthub.net/)
- [Belgrade - ICT Hub](http://en.icthub.rs/)
- [Belgrade - Tipsy Pixel](http://www.tipsypixel.com/)
- [Novi Sad - Pionirska](http://coworkingmap.org/pionirska/)
- [Novi Sad - Apolo](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Hub-Coworking-apolo/936416936370759)
- [Nis - Tilda](http://tilda.rs/)
- [Nis - Deli](http://deli.rs/)
- [Mokrin - Mokrin House](http://www.mokrinhouse.com/) - Mokrin.

## Meetups

- [Belgrade - JS Belgrade](http://www.jsbelgrade.org/)
- [Belgrade - Silicon Drinkabout Belgrade](http://3-beards.com/silicondrinkabout/belgrade)
- [Belgrade - PHP Srbija](http://phpsrbija.rs/)
- [Belgrade - ICT Hub Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/ICT-Hub-Meetup/)
- [Kikinda - KTZ](https://facebook.com/ktzkikinda)
- [Novi Sad - WP NS](https://www.meetup.com/WP-Meetup-NS/)
- [Novi Sad - Big Data](https://www.meetup.com/Big-Data-Novi-Sad/)
- [Novi Sad - Ruby](https://www.meetup.com/Ruby-Novi-Sad/)
- [Novi Sad - Geekstone](https://www.meetup.com/Geekstone/)
- [Novi Sad - DaFED](http://dafed.org/)
- [Nis - CODEstantine](https://www.meetup.com/codestantine/)
- [Nis - WP Nis](https://www.meetup.com/wordpress-nis/)
- [Nis - NisJS](https://nisjs.com/)

## Workshops

- [NodeSchool Belgrade](https://nodeschool.io/belgrade/)
- [NodeSchool Kikinda](https://nodeschool.io/kikinda/)

## Conferences

- [IT Konekt](http://it-konekt.com/sr)
- [Coding Serbia](http://codingserbia.com/)
- [Voxxed Days](https://belgrade.voxxeddays.com/)

## Festivals

- [Exit](http://www.exitfest.org/en)
- [Love Fest](http://en.lovefest.rs/)
- [Nisville](http://www.nisville.com/index.php/en/)

Commit message:

add video by Happiness Mode

README.md, after:

# Awesome-Serbia [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
<img align="right" height="50" alt="Serbia" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/ff/Flag_of_Serbia.svg/1200px-Flag_of_Serbia.svg.png">
> A curated list of awesome things to do and see in Serbia.

## Contents

- [Videos](#videos)
- [Articles](#articles)
- [Co-Working Spaces](#coworking)
- [Meetups](#meetups)
- [Workshops](#workshops)
- [Conferences](#conferences)

## Videos

- [Serbia - One journey, million impressions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDHpcAFSMr0) - Video by National Tourism Organisation of Serbia.
- [A day in Belgrade](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLKXSgXNl8w) - Beautiful 4K Motion Time-lapse.
- [Belgrade in 4K](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWsoNv24Syo) - Walk the streets of Belgrade in this awesome video.
- [Serbian Food](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqO4MESw_Og) - This Mouth-watering video will show you some of the awesome food you can try in Serbia.
- [10 Cool Places to visit in Serbia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uH8AbaIHsVg) - Showing nice cities and natural beauties.
- [The City of Nis from Air](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ds7-Uleu4o) - Nis - a nice city in the south-eastern Serbia.
- [Serbia - Land coloured with life](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ2NlCRcIq0) - Travel promo video by Happiness Mode.

## Articles

- [Serbia Tourism Webiste](http://www.serbia.com/) - Amazing resources to plan your stay in Serbia.

## Co-Working Spaces

- [Belgrade - Polygon](http://polygon.rs/)
- [Belgrade - Smart Office](http://smartoffice.rs/en/)
- [Belgrade - Nova Iskra](http://novaiskra.com/en)
- [Belgrade - StartIT](http://startit.rs/centar/zajednicki-rad/)
- [Belgrade - Potkrovlje Hub](https://www.facebook.com/PotkrovljeHUB.rs)
- [Belgrade - Impact Hub](http://belgrade.impacthub.net/)
- [Belgrade - ICT Hub](http://en.icthub.rs/)
- [Belgrade - Tipsy Pixel](http://www.tipsypixel.com/)
- [Novi Sad - Pionirska](http://coworkingmap.org/pionirska/)
- [Novi Sad - Apolo](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Hub-Coworking-apolo/936416936370759)
- [Nis - Tilda](http://tilda.rs/)
- [Nis - Deli](http://deli.rs/)
- [Mokrin - Mokrin House](http://www.mokrinhouse.com/) - Mokrin.

## Meetups

- [Belgrade - JS Belgrade](http://www.jsbelgrade.org/)
- [Belgrade - Silicon Drinkabout Belgrade](http://3-beards.com/silicondrinkabout/belgrade)
- [Belgrade - PHP Srbija](http://phpsrbija.rs/)
- [Belgrade - ICT Hub Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/ICT-Hub-Meetup/)
- [Kikinda - KTZ](https://facebook.com/ktzkikinda)
- [Novi Sad - WP NS](https://www.meetup.com/WP-Meetup-NS/)
- [Novi Sad - Big Data](https://www.meetup.com/Big-Data-Novi-Sad/)
- [Novi Sad - Ruby](https://www.meetup.com/Ruby-Novi-Sad/)
- [Novi Sad - Geekstone](https://www.meetup.com/Geekstone/)
- [Novi Sad - DaFED](http://dafed.org/)
- [Nis - CODEstantine](https://www.meetup.com/codestantine/)
- [Nis - WP Nis](https://www.meetup.com/wordpress-nis/)
- [Nis - NisJS](https://nisjs.com/)

## Workshops

- [NodeSchool Belgrade](https://nodeschool.io/belgrade/)
- [NodeSchool Kikinda](https://nodeschool.io/kikinda/)

## Conferences

- [IT Konekt](http://it-konekt.com/sr)
- [Coding Serbia](http://codingserbia.com/)
- [Voxxed Days](https://belgrade.voxxeddays.com/)

## Festivals

- [Exit](http://www.exitfest.org/en)
- [Love Fest](http://en.lovefest.rs/)
- [Nisville](http://www.nisville.com/index.php/en/)
